C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\bin\Debug\Гармонические колебания.exe.config
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\bin\Debug\Гармонические колебания.exe
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\bin\Debug\Гармонические колебания.pdb
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Form1.resources
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Form2.resources
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.exe
C:\Users\bruce\source\repos\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.pdb
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\bin\Debug\Гармонические колебания.exe.config
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\bin\Debug\Гармонические колебания.exe
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\bin\Debug\Гармонические колебания.pdb
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Form1.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Form2.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.exe
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.pdb
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\bin\Debug\Гармонические колебания.exe.config
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\bin\Debug\Гармонические колебания.exe
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\bin\Debug\Гармонические колебания.pdb
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Form1.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Form2.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.exe
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\Гармонические колебания\Гармонические колебания\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.pdb
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Vibrocalculator\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Vibrocalculator\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Form1.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Vibrocalculator\obj\Debug\Гармонические_колебания.Form2.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Vibrocalculator\obj\Debug\Vibrocalculator.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Vibrocalculator\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Гармонические колебания\Vibrocalculator\obj\Debug\Гармонические колебания.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
